Add support for language and region settings for target schemes (#728)
yonaskolb/XcodeGen: CHANGELOG.md

- Added `xcodegen dump` command [#710](https://github.com/yonaskolb/XcodeGen/pull/710) @yonaskolb
- Added `--no-env` option to disable environment variables expansion [#704](https://github.com/yonaskolb/XcodeGen/pull/704) @rcari
- Added custom group support for target sources [#621](https://github.com/yonaskolb/XcodeGen/pull/621) @sroebert @rcari

> - Support for language and region settings on a target basis [#728](https://github.com/yonaskolb/XcodeGen/pull/728) @FranzBusch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Support for language and region settings on a target specific scheme [#728](https://github.com/yonaskolb/XcodeGen/pull/728) @FranzBusch
```
